FI-516 - Ledger account trimming (#1128)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/integrations/ledger/collecting-dust.md

# Account trimming

Even if the ledger can index a large number of accounts, it has a finite capacity.
To avoid saturation and maintain good performance,
some accounts are trimmed if the ledger capacity is reaching a threshold.

> This mechanism prevent dust (i.e. accounts with balance too small to be spent) to accumulate in the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mechanism prevents dust (i.e. accounts with balance too small to be spent) from accumulating in the ledger.
```
